## Word Up Preps

If you're guiding your child through these exercises, or they come to you among autonomous word list exercises, feel free to take moments to connect and affirm even more language nuances in your child's world of experiences.

As an example, there are occasions when your child might arrive at familiar-sounding words not featured in a word list. Examples from the 3-letter exercise alone make for salient points on varied appearances of language in our lives, with:

[King] Tut - the wonder-boy Egyptian pharoah. 
Tag [watch] - the wristwatch brand reference.

More unlisted references are: "tum", "Pap", "tot", "bot", "pub", "hub", and you get the idea. These word sounds might already be familiar to your child and make for useful, bonded conversations. Often, they may be highly meaningful references with stronger cultural effusions than usual, so if they come up as off-list words for your little one, go ahead and make it a meaningful highlight when you can... And anything else about the sounds of letters together really. 

Word lists are included to clarify featured words, in case any of a cluster are (randomly) missed at a time and you want to look to confirm, and to serve helpful previews and practices across exercise groups. Playing with the rhyming nature of each vowel group does not take long to become a major source of confidence for early readers. That is why "checking" words from our jibber-jabber chatter is a featured activity in the 3-letter exercises. All its featured words are short vowel sounds for the introductory consistency. 

The early literacy word groups site titled **Presenting** delves across categorical long vowel sounds, building upon vocabulary via categorical word jogging reels that can be set across common features. The **Word Up Preps** site here bumps long vowel words under 4-letters into its 4-letter exercises, since the long vowel sounds less often occur in the introductory C/V/C pattern, and very often find semblance in even slightly longer words. 

Many of the words are already verbally familiar from spoken language acquisitions of these ages. Many yet are stretching your early reader's familiarity and usage, especially beyond the 3-letter exercises! Regardless, solidly linking sight to sound with the decided glyphs of the English alphabet is no less an incredible, fast-paced feat because of the preliminary tendencies of spoken word. Establish firm knowledge of word sounds from both their groupings around vowel sounds and impacts on vowel sounds, and build onward for a gratifying sense of communication that your child is encouraged to maintain, deepen, and extend.

It's important for speakers and readers to understand: pronunciation is often enough dialectical, when not arbitrary. While tenses, other agreement like subject/verb, and further grammar take stage speedily during early literacy, don't be afraid to embrace the outright idiosyncracies of language that all readers and writers come to accept. It's why high-frequency "sight" words have become such an outstated complement to routine phonics learning. Languages are innately and intricately humanized. Humanizing language seems about right. The English language gets complicated without exceptions, and yet it also has one of the higher occurrences of rule exceptions for its spellings and pronunciations. Reading education experts sometimes cite a "club of readers" to which all should feel they belong, with affirming ongoing induction. Establishing this connection and rooting it in a healthy confidence means that their reading work is foremost accepted, and that you celebrate that they read among you even before they might glide at pace. 
